DOC-7123 APM sweep (#3783)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/agents/manage-apm-agents/troubleshooting/get-environment-data-about-your-apm-app.mdx

  - Agents
  - Manage APM agents
  - Troubleshooting

> metaDescription: 'To get information about your application''s services, agent versions, and other settings, use APM's Environment snapshot page.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
metaDescription: To get information about your application''s services, agent versions, and other settings, use APM's Environment snapshot page.
```
